Vimeo.com is a site where users can share videos, almost like a YouTube only better. I have used Vimeo before to share a video that I made for a Digital Humanities final. I remember that the sign up process, and overall usage of the site was simple and easy to do, and I was able to successfully share my video with my professor and post it to a Weebly site I created in the future. For the homepage, you can see that they are using the design that (I swear) every site is trying to incorporate, where you scroll down and the different sections are separated by a different color or something along those lines. I think they were smart to make the first thing you see on the site the form to sign up/sign in. It is separated from the rest of the page with the forest background, and is the main thing the viewer focuses on. By then switching to the blue color, they separate the sections, but the tree graphic continues which shows the viewer they can keep scrolling instead of being so focused on the sign up part of the page. This was smart on their part because they have separated the two sections, but still kept them connected in some way. I like that the next section displays the staff’s top picks with a large video player. If a viewer is interested in videos, (which I hope they would be), having this be the next part of the home page not only shows them what other Vimeo users are creating, but stems as inspiration to the viewer. It shows what users of Vimeo are capable of, and creates the mindset that if they use Vimeo, that can do that too. The webpage then moves on to a section that shows what users can do with Vimeo, which again is placed perfectly to follow the last section. I like how the little origami looking figures connect these sections; it ties nicely with the use of the tree and color to connect the top sections. My favorite part of the page is how the very last section uses the same forest background and again reminds the user to sign up to get started. Its almost as if they know the main content of the page is going to convince the viewer to sign up and try it out now if they didn’t at the top of the page. The overall navigation of the site is easy to use and comprehend. I truly do think that any person, of any age and background, can view this site and understand what it is used for and how to use it. Once you create a account or log in, it is easy to upload, view, and share your videos. Being a user of YouTube (for a pre-req class) in the past, and then choosing Vimeo to share another video I made, the ease of use and positives out-weigh YouTube any day in my opinion. I really like the overall site design and how clean-cut and simple they have made such a complex idea. Overall, I love how this site encourages creativity and it is one that I know I will keep using in the future. 