<p>For my development environment, I have chosen Adobe Dreamweaver as my go-to text editor. There are many different things I enjoy about the software, but it is especially useful that I have prior experience using the tool. For my digital humanities classes, we have focused much of our time on website development, and had one class where Dreamweaver was the only text editing option. This caused me to work alongside my peers in the class to understand Dreamweaver and I gained a lot of knowledge through them. I also am a graphic design intern at a software company in Okemos called TechSmith. Here I have the opportunity to work on print work, website updates, the creation of emails, and so much more. Through my internship I have gained a endless amount of knowledge about all the Adobe Creative Suite, including Dreamweaver, which has backed my decision for using it as my primary developing environment.</p> 


<p>There are certain aspects of the software which help me be successful when using it. I am a very visual person, and one feature that always helps when working in Dreamweaver is the code highlighting. It helps me to quickly spot any errors, and differentiate between HTML, CSS, and Javascript. The code suggestion feature is always helpful to make sure I am suing the correct code for what I want to do. It also is a huge time saver because instead of typing all the characters of the code, it easily populates the code I am writing and gives me the different options. I also really love the code and design split view, because it helps me to visualize what the code I am typing is creating. One feature I saw in the videos you created that TextMate has that Dreamweaver uses as well is the file manager. It really helps me to see my sites root, then Dreamweaver takes care of all the different file relationships. Because I am used to the Adobe interface that they use throughout all of their products, I think Dreamweaver was the best decision for me and I know I will be able to successfully code throughout the semester. I am used to the interface that some think is confusing, and have been enjoying learning about all the ins and outs of the software. I really enjoy Dreamweaver, and I am excited to be able to use it more!</p>
