The website I am choosing to review is Nasty Gal’s mobile site. Nasty Gal is a clothing/fashion –forward site that started as an eBay store and has become a international style source over the past 5 years. They are stocked weekly with bunches of new arrivals, which also means they update the sites images and overall design frequently. They have a lot of content on the site because they have a separate vintage store, along with lookbooks, as well as links to an “about us” page, careers, press, their blog, etc. that is constantly being updated as well. Nasty Gal just released their mobile site last week, and overall I think they did an amazing job. The similarities among the main website and the mobile site are picture-perfect, and customers are given a great experience using any device now. The mobile site still includes the main image that is on the website, which is important because it always is a high-impact photo that makes you want to explore what else they have to offer. When you scroll down you see the main navigation, which is easy to click on because it is the size of your fingertip (unlike the small links mobile sites often use which you have to zoom in to click on). It offers the same options as the navigation on the main website, which is awesome because often times site scale down what they show on mobile sites. Once you click on a link (lets say to the “What’s New” page, you are taken to the next page and all the images and such are sized perfectly so it gives you a great mobile experience. I like that at the top of the page, there is a button so you can refine your search, and the way it pops up and is easy to use makes the mobile site even better.  Lets say you want to check out the shoes they offer, when you click on that link it takes you to a page that has the similar navigation to narrow down what you are looking for instead of just giving you all the options and you have to click refine and do it yourself. I think this was smart because the user is not overwhelmed every time they go to a different page because they are all set up correctly depending on what the customer is looking for. The one major flaw on the mobile site is the lack of navigation once you go to a different page off of the home page. The content is always displayed perfectly, but there is no way to get to another page without clicking the top “Nasty Gal” logo and being directed to the main page. The links at the bottom are the same as what the footer shows on the main page, and it is not useful if you want to look at vintage fashion from the shoes page. Besides that, I think the site is very well done and really easy to use no matter the audience. With the amount of content it has to offer, it is displayed effectively and looks very similar to the normal website. I think that is awesome because they get traffic from customers all over the world, so it is great that they have another way to view the site successfully. I have always been a fan of their graphics and overall design, and I think that the mobile site turned out really well and will be a positive stepping stone for the company. 