My first impression of United Pixel Workers website is a tad overwhelming. I think the first top part of the homepage that the viewer sees is not bad, it is a very modern layout with the boxes and conversation boxes that go along with each one. I like how all the conversation boxes match the color of the shirt they are pointing too, it makes the user connect that they are related. I think they should have kept the homepage just as this top part, and put the footer below the box where you can enter you email, follow them on twitter, etc. because the bottom part that shows all the smaller boxes with the shirts one after another is too much. I think it is overwhelming, and that the top section would be a great place for them to feature top products (like they do) and leave the rest out for another page. It is hard to look at all of them and soak any of the information in. I think it would be effective if they just left all the little boxes for the “shop the collection” page. On the search the collection page, I really like the filters on the right side and how it helps you find exactly what you are looking for in a easy click.  I also think they were smart to put the huge “search everything we’ve ever made” search bar prominent on the top of the page. Even when using the filters it is overwhelming, so being able to search and narrow it down even more is very helpful. The Roll Call tab is cool, and a great way to connect directly with customers! The one major flaw is that it takes you to a whole new page where the navigation disappears, so the user is stuck clicking the back button to get back to the main site.  I do like the font they use throughout the main site, and I think it looks very put together and matched the logo very well. Even a text-heavy page like the Blog page looks good, especially with the different colors they use. I think one of the best parts of the site is the footer, because they keep the overall design incorporated, it is bold and dissects the page nicely, and everything is spaced out well and not there is not too much copy. Adding the little logo and red copy on the body ties the top of the page and the bottom together really well. Overall, I think they were smart to use the red color as the links color, and in little places throughout the site because it does make an impact. I think they could use images more effectively throughout the site, because the first two pages on the site in overwhelming with pictures of the shirts, then the next couple pages have one picture maximum. Just not very consistent throughout the site as a whole. I really like the content of the site and the way the wording makes you feel like you are talking to a friend instead of a company. I think this is something more sites should use because it makes the user more comfortable to explore the site and what they have to offer. One other tweak that I think would be helpful is for the pictures to fade to a dark color like the main logo does when you hover over them. Right now when you do, the picture moves up a little bit, but it is not a big enough change for the viewer to really notice it. With the first two pages being so overwhelming, I think it would help the customer to see where their cursor is and what they are looking at more effectively. Overall, the design is very modern and stands out from other similar sites in a positive way. It is not necessarily my favorite design, and I think there are some small changes they would make that would really improve the user experience. But, all in all , it is memorable and they do have some really cool shirts!