I think the MSU mobile site is designed to the best of its ability.  Just like with their main site, they have a lot of information that needs to be organized and easily accessible even on a mobile device. I think the content they chose to put on their mobile site is definitely the smartest and most used topics on their website. It is relatively easy to use, and I like how the first feature is just a simple “Search MSU Mobile” bar. That way the user is able to easily search if they are not sure where to look for the information if it doesn’t fit in one of the icon’s categories. They were smart to make the pages once you click the icons simple, and instead of displaying all the content they have, they make you search for what you are looking for (for example, the Events page). This does mean that someone cannot just browse the mobile site; you really have to have a reason to be using the app and looking for specific information to be successful. I really like the “About MSU” tab, and for user friendly all of the pages are. You can easily navigate through them, and the amount of information on the pages is not overwhelming. The images they used look great on the mobile device as well! The navigation and the little icons they use across the top when you are going into different pages is really helpful, and an easy way to get back to where you started. They made everything on the site very user friendly and easy to comprehend, and I think that anyone from incoming freshman, to international students, to grandparents could use it successfully. I like how everything is big enough to navigate through using a fingertip; users do not have to zoom in to make sure they are clicking the correct tiny link on their mobile device. That alone makes this site better than many, and everything from the color schemes to the content they chose to include makes sense. Overall, I like MSU’s mobile site, and I think they did a great job catering it to the wide range of people that are using it around our campus, state, and nation. 