Personally I really like Etsy.com, and have used the site a lot over the past couple of years. My favorite part of the site is the main homepage, and how they switch out the ‘handpicked items’ daily, which is based on a certain theme.  I also like how just below these items, they have a featured shop, recent blog posts, and recently posted items. If these sections don’t draw you in to click more, I’m not sure what else could! They have a ‘Discover’ section on the top of the left navigation that reminds me of Twitter because the links change depending on what is coming up/trending, whether it be a holiday or something they are just trying to advertise (like iPhone cases right now, because the iPhone5 just came out). Another feature that has made my experience with Etsy easier is the capability to favorite different stores. Once I sign in, a big heart button appears right next to the search bar so I can go see what the stores I already know I love have listed. You can then click the ‘activity feed’ button and get a basic timeline featuring your own store and your favorites. There is also a feature to find your friends if you know anyone who may be using the site, and you can add them to your circle thus adding them to your favorites. I have found that the site can be frustrating to sit and browse, simply because there is SO many stores and listings, that actually finding the perfect item you wish to buy can be hard! It is so much easier to type in keywords in the search bar than to use the pre-assigned sections on the left navigation. These categories can be very open ended, and if a store is not assigned correctly, it is not going to get any traffic. I do like that the overall design of the site stays consistent no matter what category, store, or item you may be browsing. Even all the stores information and item listings are consistent which helps boatloads and helps significantly with navigation. I also find it helpful that when you start searching for something specific, it gives you options that other people have searched or items on the site. This helps narrow down the massive site so much faster then aimlessly clicking around. You then have the capabilities to narrow down the results even further using the options in the left side bar or by highest/lowest price, most recent, and most relevant. I also appreciate that their footer is not overwhelming and full of information, because the rest of the site has enough already! I know a lot of people of all age groups and computer skills who use this site and are able to do so successfully. I think that says a lot about the overall design because they have kept it simple, and focused on getting the navigation right in order for customers to find what they are really looking for. I really like this site, both critiquing it and being a customer!