  I really like MSU’s new homepage design! I can attest that when I was accepted to MSU as a senior in high school, the first thing I did was look around their website and do all the things the acceptance packet told us to do. I remember thinking how poorly designed and hard to navigate their old website was, so I was happy to see them re-do it! It looks much more professional and the way a Big Ten’s website should look. They have made their navigation easier, which must have been a very hard task because this website is HUGE and contains so much information. My favorite part of the site is the huge pictures that are the main part of the page. They are colorful and intriguing to look at, and they used a great font to really get the message across. It really does make me want to click on and see what its all about. I like the use of different colors for the MSU View, MSU News, and Events sections. Not only do they compliment the rest of the site but it easily breaks them apart so the viewer knows they are separate topics. The MSU Talk feature that shows the different tweets is a fun feature because the viewer is able to see what students are actually loving about the campus. Reading them makes me want to experience it for myself, which I’m sure is a part of the reason why they added this feature.   They have a lot of information to choose from on the main page, but they have it organized in a way that makes it easy to comprehend. Like I said before, this site is huge so it can be overwhelming. The one major flaw I can find is that it is hard that once you click through to another section/topic the sites design changes and is not consistent. This can be confusing, especially because some lead you to a completely different site so you cannot easily navigate back to the main page (such as clicking Admission/Be A Spartan). Compared to the way this site used to be, the new design is one hundred times better. The one thing I question is why they made another line with tiny links for students, faculty, alumni, etc. By clicking through to those there is a consistent design and it is easy to find the information you are looking for. The links to get through to those pages gets lost in all the other information displayed on this page, which may be a problem for some. Overall, I really like this site and for the massive amounts of information and mixture of people who visit the site, it is designed much better. 
  
 	9/24/12 10:01 AM	9/24/12 10:01 AM	9/24/12 10:01 AM