I think that happycog.com is immaculately designed. At first glance, my favorite thing about the site is the color scheme. It is not one that I would think would work when comparing them side by side, but placed together along with the font choices it makes the site look sharp. Speaking of fonts, the different fonts they have placed together prove how great of designers they are. They are not typical, but all work really well together to split up the title, headers, sub headers, and content successfully throughout the site. The main page also shows off the creative images in every section. They all follow a similar color scheme, but are different enough to easily break up the different sections. I think they were smart to make the buttons that ‘Show Me More’ in the bright yellow because they immediately draw my eye and look good, which in turn makes me want to click them. I really like how the navigation bar stays at the top of the page when I am scrolling, and it definitely helps with overall navigation of the site. My favorite part of the main page is the Contact section and footer. The maps draw my eye and make me read the information about where they are located, and the bold color of the footer below it just looks really great. I think the reason I like the maps section the most is because the colors of the maps correlate with the sites colors, which seems dumb but in all honesty that is why. They way they wrote the content for the site is definitely going to be an inspiration for my future site and me. It makes me feel like I am looking at a site created by a best friend who is having a casual conversation with me, not a major design company who is simply trying to get me to contact them because they are the best. I’ve always said how important content is in correlation with site design, and happycog hit the top of the nail with this! For this site it is even more important because they do not have a lot of content, what you scroll through on the main page is what you get! I didn’t realize this until I went to click through the navigation and noticed that they didn’t lead me to entirely new pages. I actually enjoy this because I like how they wrote the copy on this page, and they have kept it short, simple, and to the point. Even the sites logo is perfectly designed and used in a not-obnoxious way like some sites have a way of doing. I like the site enough that I signed up for the newsletter, and even the page it took me to after that had an awesome graphic and easy navigation back to where I was! Man, I think I may be in design love.