From the second I stared scrolling, I knew I was going to like this website. Not only does it have a design that is very popular at the moment, but also they are one of the few sites that pull it off successfully. The color scheme of the site work together from the buttons, to the graphics, to the fonts, to the other pages a viewer can click to. I think this helps the site seem very professional and polished, and one can tell that the creator put a lot of time into thinking about how everything will work together.  There is just enough text on the homepage to keep the viewer interested, while still learning about the main topics the site is trying to point out. One feature I like about the sections is the button you can click that slowly moves you down to the next one. It is a touch of user interaction that makes the viewer more engaged, and the transition doesn’t move too fast so you lose all meaning of the page. The main feature of the homepage that makes it outstanding is how interactive it is. Whenever I scroll, I always notice something else that is moving, and it makes me scroll back and forth to view what happening. No matter where you scroll over, chances are something is going to change/happen and makes you go “oooh” and want to click further. I love the section that shows how many pixels I’ve scrolled and how long I’ve been engaged. It makes the viewer feel like they are a part of the webpage, and I know it made me want to click more and see what other cool things the site had to offer. Plus, they have a sentence that says how I am from East Lansing, which is another personal touch that impressed me and made me want to know how they did it! If you click further, their entire site is 100% interactive and awesome. I clicked “Find Out More” from the last section on the homepage, and was taken to a page with an awesome interactive graph. This page also uses huge images featuring people from top companies and it really proves to the viewer that this company is legitimate. I then clicked the “Labs” link in the footer and was taken to another amazing page with more interactions and cool ways to display information. I really like how every page is unique, but use the same cohesive layout with the logo in the top left, some type of section, and the footer. The pages where they need to display a lot of content like the Careers or Implementation pages follow a cohesive design as well. To be honest, I haven’t found much I do not like about this site! I think they are doing everything right given the type of company they are and what service they are trying to sell. I know that I would be interested in using them simply because their website give me inspiration to do more. I am thoroughly impressed, and hope that one day I know how to make a site that is as engaging as theirs has proved to be ( I was actively engaged with the how many pixels I moved on the main homepage for 90 seconds if that says anything!).  